[NARRATOR] Everyone has
a secret side to them,
one they don't show anyone else.
Not to their friends,
their lovers,
or even their own
flesh and blood.
Hiding their true
feelings behind a mask
of smiles and bravado,
and keeping their real
selves a mystery.
This is how civilization
is able to maintain
its thin veneer of
peace and sanity.
While the nations of the
world waged a fierce war
of information in the shadows,
there were two countries
particularly at odds.
Ostania plotted to turn up
the heat on this "cold war."
And Westalis hoped
to douse these flames
before they ignited.
To keep an eye on a leading
figure in Ostania's government,
Westalis began its top-secret
"Operation Strix."
The agent in charge of this
plan is known as Twilight.
This master of disguise
was assigned
an identity most foreign to him.
That of a family man.
You made it. Is this everything?
It is!
[TWILIGHT]
Not much to contend with.
[YOR] Loid, about the
sleeping arrangements.
We're in separate
rooms, of course.
We'll share one for appearances
if we have guests.
Right, good thinking.
I wanna welcome you
to Anya's house!
What a lovely welcome.
Thanks, Anya.
[NARRATOR] Anya's house is home
to a rather unusual family.
The father, Loid Forger,
is a psychiatrist.
His true identity, spy.
Code name: Twilight.
The mother, Yor Forger,
is a civil servant at City Hall.
Her true identity, assassin.
Code name: Thorn Princess.
The daughter, Anya Forger.
Her true identity, telepath.
[ANYA] I'm so happy to
finally have a Mama!
Mama?
I'm gonna help you.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
My friend the judge was able
to backdate our marriage
certificate to last year.
[TWILIGHT]
Meaning Franky forged it.
[TWILIGHT] We'll figure
out what our story is
for why we didn't live together.
I'm sure your brother
will ask, at least.
Excellent idea.
[TWILIGHT] Plus, the
school's approval board
would be suspicious
if we got married
just before the interview.
[YOR] The shopkeeper said
this was all right,
so I don't have to
worry about that.
[ANYA]
So cool.
[NARRATOR]
Father, mother, daughter.
The trio created this
fictitious family
to further their own ends,
and now live under
the same roof
as they continue to keep
their true selves
hidden from one another.
I'll show Mama around, Papa!
Once you're settled in,
we'll get prepped
for the interview.
[ANYA] Here's the kitchen!
Papa cooks real good!
[YOR]
Wonderful.
There's the potty and bathtub!
Oh, it's very nice.
I can clean up all by myself!
[YOR]
Aren't you a big girl?
[ANYA] Dun-duh-duh-dah!
And this is my very own room!
[YOR] I love it Anya.
It's absolutely adorable.
[ANYA] I want you to meet
my friend Mister Chimera.
[ANYA]
My name's Chimera.
It is a pleasure to
meet you, ma'am!
Aw, the pleasure is all mine.
I'm Yor, Miss Anya's Mama.
This one is Papa's room!
Loid certainly does keep
things nice and neat.
And this room
over here is yours.
[ANYA]
Come on in, Mama.
[YOR]
Oh, why, thank you.
Oh, wow. It's lovely.
Much nicer than the
place I was living.
Glad you like it.
This should be everything.
Hopefully the layout
works for you,
and I made sure
it's nice and clean.
Thank you. Everything is great.
[ANYA]
I helped Papa clean, too!
Oh, did you now?
You did such a good job.
Yeah, I did! Thank you. See?
[ANYA yells]
You know all you did was
knock over the mop bucket.
[ANYA gasps]
[YOR laughs]
[YOR] I appreciate
all your hard work,
but I don't know what
to do with myself.
What do you mean by that?
Please just make yourself cozy.
After all, it's your home, too,
so do whatever you need to do.
Thank you.
I'll grab the boxes
when you're done.
[gasping]
I'm all done now.
You can come grab the boxes.
Wow, you're quite efficient.
Ah. This must be the younger
brother you mentioned.
Good guess. That's him.
You said he's a civil servant
as well, is that right?
That's correct.
We've only spoken
on the phone lately.
His job's kept him
busier than usual.
I can really see
the resemblance.
Once this entrance exam is over,
I'd love to meet him.
Yes. That's right.
About the interview,
I don't believe I have an
appropriate outfit ready
for that kind of thing.
[TWILIGHT]
Well, that's no problem.
We'll go to the tailor.
[YOR]
That would be wonderful.
♪ Help Mama with the boxys. ♪
Uh, n-no, Anya, please!
I'll take care of that!
[ANYA]
Huh?
[YOR] I've got all
my weapons for work
and poison that's strong enough
to kill an elephant in there.
[ANYA gasps]
[YOR]
Want anything, Loid?
[TWILIGHT] Coffee, please.
I take it black.
[ANYA]
Ooh! I want some hot cocoa!
With sugar and milk, of course.
[ANYA]
Yummy!
Oh, my goodness. They look
and smell wonderful.
Hope they taste good,
too. It's my first batch.
I just followed a recipe.
It made the most sense.
I hope you find them
to your liking.
Here we go.
[YOR]
They're amazing!
Anya's right, you can cook!
It's nothing, really.
I helped Papa in
the kitchen, too!
You're such a good girl!
[ANYA sneezes]
By helping, do you mean
getting flour everywhere?
Or was it when you stopped
to eat some peanuts?
[ANYA gasps]
[YOR chuckles]
It's time to start
the interview prep.
Eden College is perhaps the
top school in the country.
The interview's not
just for the child,
but for the parents as well.
It's an evaluation of
their social standing
and level of culture,
understood?
Before I begin with
the questions,
I'd like you to please state
your full name and address.
I'm Anya F--uh, Horger? Address?
[TWILIGHT]
Where we live.
Ah! Anya's house!
That's not what I meant.
Um, so tell me, Miss Anya,
how do you spend your days off?
Sometimes Papa has
to lock me up inside,
so I just kinda watch TV
all alone and sad.
[TWILIGHT] Really, now.
Sounds horrifying. Madam?
Who, me?
[TWILIGHT] Why Eden College,
and how do you plan to pass?
What's a normal way to pass?
I've seen people pass
from a lot of things.
Maybe cardiac arrest or losing
an excessive amount of blood?
Or compound fractures
all over their body.
Sometimes their skulls
get caved in.
[TWILIGHT] Terrible. Describe
your parenting philosophy.
Uh. Well, I...
First to strike wins?
[TWILIGHT] How did her brother
not become a total psychopath?
I've been a spy
for over a decade,
with countless missions
under my belt,
but this has me
beginning to lose heart.
[TWILIGHT]
This is pointless.
Forget passing, I'm not sure
we'll survive the interview.
No way she's getting in.
[YOR]
Loid!
You can't just give up on your
late wife's wishes like that!
[TWILIGHT] Perhaps we jumped
the gun on this mock interview.
[TWILIGHT]
Let's step out for a bit.
We can broaden our horizons,
become versed in upper-class
cultural lexicon,
and experience their world
together as a family.
♪ We're on a family ooting!
La, la, la, la, la! ♪
It's pronounced "outing."
Mama, wanna hold hands?
Yes. That sounds delightful!
[TWILIGHT] Glad to see
that Anya likes her.
The plan is working.
After today, we'll have the
appearance of a normal--no,
we'll be seen as a fine,
upper-crust family.
[YOR]
Aw.
This reminds me of when
my little brother
was still so small and cute.
Of course, there was that
time I hugged him too hard
and ended up breaking
two of his ribs.
Heh. Can't do that again.
[YOR gasps]
[TWILIGHT] Well, perhaps
I spoke too soon.
Hey, where are you
taking us anyway?
My connection at
work got us tickets
for a wide variety of events.
[OPERA SINGER singing]
[TWILIGHT] Eden values tradition
and social status over all else.
We must get accustomed
to the finer things,
for a lack of cultural
refinement
could prove to be our downfall.
[TWILIGHT]
All right, next stop.
[TWILIGHT] Anya, please remember
not to yell while we're here.
[ANYA]
'Kay.
[TWILIGHT] We've experienced
the finest music,
so now for the finest art
the world has to offer.
Papa, look! She has
boobies! I can see 'em!
Head went choppy!
Body went choppy!
What did I say
about yelling, Anya?
[YOR gasps]
Something wrong? Hello?
Papa, I wanna do that!
[TWILIGHT]
You'd like to draw? Sure.
Well, Yor, why don't we sit down
and rest our legs for a bit?
Sounds good.
Anya's cool 'cause she
lives in a cool big castle.
Home is a great big
castle house,
and Director Chimera's the boss.
Papa's a spy,
goin' pew, pew, pew!
Mama's a assassin!
Stabby, stabby, die!
I suppose we should get going.
Sounds good.
I'm all done!
All right, Anya,
it's time to go.
[ANYA]
If Papa and Mama see this,
they'll gonna figure out I
have secret special powers!
[TWILIGHT] Hm? Wow, that's
a real masterpiece, Anya.
I can see a pig in a forest.
[ANYA] That's Mister Chimera,
and he lives in a cool castle!
[TWILIGHT]
Of course.
And there's Bondman.
That is him, right?
[ANYA]
Uh. Yeah.
[TWILIGHT] Just like the spy
cartoon you watched last week.
I take it the witch-looking
one is the princess.
Oh, dear, that middle
part is rather lurid.
Cute kitty, though.
[ANYA]
It's a doggy!
[TWILIGHT]
I see, sorry.
And now, we'll go
see the tailor.
[YOR] I'm so sorry that you have
to do all this on your day off.
Relax, it's not a problem
in the slightest.
[ANYA] My new ootfit is so cute!
I love how it fits!
And I really love your
tailor shop, too!
Aw, thank you.
This is my first ooting
in my brand-new ootfit!
Oh, really? It must
be a good day, then!
A good day for a good ooting!
Since you look so nice,
why don't we have
our picture taken?
[EMPLOYEE A] Yor, dearie.
Please come with me.
Yes, ma'am.
If you're looking for
a semi-formal dress,
I think this color
would do nicely.
You like it?
It's beautiful, but to
be perfectly honest,
I'd prefer red or black.
[PROPRIETRESS A]
Really?
I thought this would
look great on you,
but we want you happy.
[TWILIGHT] Judging from
her lack of luggage,
I'd just assumed she had no
interest in buying clothes.
I guess you're a stickler about
color-coordination, are you?
Who, me? I wouldn't
say that exactly.
[YOR]
I love the color.
But there's no way I could hide
any kind of blood spatter on it.
[ANYA gasps]
I'm so happy Yor
finally found someone.
Hopefully he's the one.
But already having a child
is a big no-no for me.
[TWILIGHT]
Looks like the extra outfits
will be ready by
the interview, too.
I'm sorry you had
to get so many.
Well, you look nice in colors
besides red and black.
And we'll be going out
more often from here on.
[ANYA]
Yay! More ootings!
You're a regular at that tailor.
Surely we'll keep
shopping there.
So the next time we're in,
how about we tell the ladies
that we're a married couple?
Yeah, that's a good idea.
We in the Nationalist Party
believe there's a road to peace.
Treating Westalis as an enemy...
[TWILIGHT] Patriotism is also
highly regarded within Eden,
so I'll need to educate her
on politics and history.
[AUDIENCE C]
Piss off, traitor!
[AUDIENCE E] Those monsters
killed my family!
[AUDIENCE D] Stop yapping and
give me some money already.
[AUDIENCE F] No one want
to hear this garbage!
[TWILIGHT]
What's wrong, Anya?
[ANYA]
I don't like this kinda place.
Sorry. I know crowds
can be scary.
[YOR]
Let's go somewhere and rest.
[AUDIENCE I] Ostania is the
greatest country in the world!
[AUDIENCE K]
All traitors should hang!
[AUDIENCE M]
Get lost, ya fat bald pig!
[ANYA]
I'm hungry, Papa.
[TWILIGHT] Huh? Maybe
you just needed to eat.
[TWILIGHT] Now, Anya, don't just
pick the nuts off the top,
and please stop eating
with your hands.
And Yor, I think you... Hm.
[TWILIGHT]
In all my years of spying,
through more missions
than I can count,
I've never had this kind
of sinking feeling.
S'okay, Papa.
[TWILIGHT]
What?
[TWILIGHT] Ugh. Yeah, I
definitely picked the wrong kid.
No, that's not it.
The problem is having the
success of the mission
rely on outsiders
in the first place.
They're both just civilians,
they don't have the
background or training.
But I do.
I need to consider
all the variables,
come up with an ironclad plan,
and execute that
plan to perfection.
Which means that I need to make
a list of every question
the interviewer
could possibly ask,
then have them memorize
each perfect answer.
Or create a system to
feed them the right ones.
[YOR]
Loid, just a thought,
but maybe we should go
and get some fresh air.
[TWILIGHT, ANYA gasp]
[ANYA] People look like
trash from up here.
[TWILIGHT]
Where did you get that from?
[ANYA]
Cartoons.
[TWILIGHT]
Hm.
How did I not know about
this park before today?
[YOR] I never came here
very often, myself.
Usually just whenever work had
me feeling at my wit's end.
Seeing the city like this
reminds me that what I do
helps all these people
and it makes me feel better.
It rejuvenates me.
I'm sorry.
I'm making this place sound
so boring, forgive me.
I like it way better
than those big crowds!
[YOR]
Oh, that's good to hear!
[inaudible]
[TWILIGHT]
Hm?
[WOMAN A]
Oh!
I've been robbed!
Somebody stop him!
She should've been more careful.
Hold it right there!
You're not getting away!
[TWILIGHT]
This is bad.
[YOR]
Where'd he go?
Are you okay, ma'am?
Did he hurt you?
I'm fine. Gave me a fright.
I promise I'll
catch him for you!
Then I'll take you
to the hospital!
How sweet. Thank you, dearie.
[YOR] I left Loid
and Anya up there.
[TWILIGHT]
Agh. He blended into the crowd.
I'm sorry, Yor, but I doubt
you'll be able to find him now.
[MAN A]
Man, I'm starving.
[WOMAN B]
It's so cute, I could die!
[MAN C]
Think I'm gonna pee my pants.
[WOMAN C]
My feet hurt.
[overlapping voices]
Oh. Anya. It happened again.
[THIEF A] Ha! Yes! Man, that
old bag was rollin' in it.
[THIEF A chuckles]
Papa!
Yeah, what's the matter?
I wanna eat some cake!
[TWILIGHT]
What?
But we barely just
left the restaurant.
Oh.
[TWILIGHT]
I see.
You may have changed
your clothes,
but changing the way you
walk isn't that easy.
You're not getting away
from me, you fiend.
[YOR]
Hey, Loid!
[ANYA]
Mama's back.
[TWILIGHT]
Yor, watch Anya for me.
[chuckles]
[THIEF A] Man, I'll be livin'
the high life for a while
with this much cash.
I'm gonna eat like a king!
[THIEF A yells]
[TWILIGHT] A filthy pig like you
deserves the foulest meal.
[WOMAN B]
What the heck was that?
[MAN L] Some guy just
dropped outta the sky.
[TWILIGHT]
Spies are careful.
We can't draw attention
to ourselves.
[WOMAN C]
Did he fall?
Sorry, but this man right
here is a purse-snatcher,
so someone call the
police to arrest him.
[WOMAN D]
A purse snatcher?
[WOMAN A]
Thank you for walking me here
and getting my money back.
I was going to buy a present
for my grandchild.
I appreciate it.
You saved the day!
Oh, well, he was the one
who got it back.
That's my husband--
he's, like, a hero.
No, Yor.
Without you, I probably wouldn't
have even gone after him.
Thank you. What a fine,
upstanding gentleman you are.
[TWILIGHT]
Really, I--
[CHIEF] You're the type of
hero who casts no shadow;
your great deeds never
seeing the light of day.
[WOMAN A]
Thank you so much.
[TWILIGHT] Gotta say, getting
thanked once in a while
wouldn't be so bad.
[ANYA]
Papa's a big softie.
[TWILIGHT]
And thanks to you, Yor.
Today helped me
feel rejuvenated.
It never would've happened
if it weren't for you.
Papa and Mama are flirting.
[TWILIGHT, YOR gasp]
[TWILIGHT, YOR]
No, we are not!
[ANYA] Aren't you gonna thank
me for doing stuff, too?
[TWILIGHT] Well, I guess
we did find the thief
because you were hungry again.
So, thank you, Anya.
[chuckles]
[WOMAN A] Oh, my, you certainly
are a lovely little family.
[WOMAN A]
This is for you, sweetie.
Candy!
Now you thank her.
[ANYA]
The big ooting's over!
[TWILIGHT]
What a long day.
[ANYA] Mama! I want a
big cup of hot cocoa!
That sounds lovely.
Hey, Anya, what do you say
we take another crack
at the mock interview?
Now, how do you spend
your days off?
We go to the opera,
the art museum,
and eat at fancy restaurants.
[TWILIGHT]
Yes!
Okay. That's good. Don't forget
to talk about today!
Moving on. Now,
the next question:
You're out on a walk
and happen to see
one of your classmates
do something naughty,
what do you do?
Uh...
I would jump on them,
beat them up,
and mush their face
in the ground.
[TWILIGHT] Hmm. Yeah,
pretend you never saw that.
[TWILIGHT] Ugh. That
sinking feeling is back.
But why? You were so cool,
Papa! Whooshy whoosh!
[YOR]
He really was, wasn't he?
[ANYA]
Ka-bam! Dat-dah!
It's the foulest meal for you!
I really like cocoa.
[WOMAN A] Oh, my, you certainly
are a lovely little family.
[sighs]
[TWILIGHT]
If she saw us that way...
...my preparations are
about 1% complete.